    -----DESIGN PATTERNS:-----
  For the our third project, we decided to program the game of Gomoku using Javascript, the same language we used in project 2. This allowed for a much easier
and more natural reuse of our code techniques and general solutions, or software design patterns, that we each picked up from work on the last project we
worked on as a team. As such, we utilized multiple specific design patterns during the work on this project. Relevantly to this course’s coverage of the GoF
types of design patterns, our work utilized creational, structural, and behavioral patterns.

  In terms of creational design patterns, we seem to have mostly utilized both abstract factory and singleton pattern design. According to how our board
logic class is designed with only one instance with a corresponding global point of access, we can say that we did utilize singleton design. On the other
hand, based on how we coded the win conditions and, consequently, effectively the design of how the game pieces themselves are understood as simply as they
are within the code, we also utilized abstract factory design. In terms of structural design patterns, we seem to have utilized both flyweight and decorater
patterns. We utilized flyweight design patterns to help implement our board, and we used decorater design patterns to implement a score keeping feature into
our game based on the same flexible interface design. Finally, for behavioral design patterns, we used the command pattern and memento pattern. We used the
command pattern by encapsulating some interior requests as their own objects, such as how we programmed our win condition and how we visually draw lines to
represent our board game. We used the memento pattern when we captured and externalized the internal state of our board status to allow it to be safely reset
and restored to the original state upon every new game.

  These design patterns helped us solve new problems while saving time and strengthening our understanding of code practices.
    -----                -----
